---
date: 2015-07-31
title: "This is hard."
category: life
---

> Writing is an exploration. You start from nothing and learn as you go.  
> <cite><small>E. L. Doctorow</small></cite>

It's been over 40 days since I last posted here. When I go
back and read some of the things I have written in the past, I
can truly understand the difference between the *then me* and
*now me*. We change a little everyday, we should accept and
embrace that.

<!--more-->

I still love writing though and I have been writing a lot..
but I am unable to finish them. I'm always confused as to
what topic needs an individual post and what ideas should be
clubbed into one. This happens. I know. But regardless of
whether what I write is 'perfectly structured' or if it is
completely chaotic, I must write because after all something
**is** better than nothing.

Writing things online where anyone in the world can read     .
holds you accountable of the things you do, of the things you.
write It gives one a sense of duty, even if no one reads.    .
This is what also helps in self-improvement                  .

But because this blog is purely for pleasure and
self-improvement, doesn't mean I push out unpolished post. If
I keep doing that, how will I improve?

I must simply put in my 100% when writing, doesn't matter if
the post comes out good, bad, muddled, or decent.

I truly want to be a write 'something' worth reading, but as
we know.. Sucking at something is the first step towards being
sort of good at something.
