---
date: 2016-06-12
title: "Why I failed at blogging."
category: life
---

People write for several reasons. Fame, wealth,
self-satisfaction, passion, entertainment, boredom, depression
to name a few among others. But what do I write for? The
answer isn't as easy as categorzing it into a single noun,
rather it's very complicated. Complicated enough, that I can't
quite grok it myself.

<!--more-->

This is not my only blog. I have 4 more blogs, and a llog
(local log). That is 6 [b]logs in total. My local log is
basically a mixture of dear diary posts, list of things I
like/dislike, all my keep notes, and anything and everything
extremely personal which I want to keep private. There's also
a blog which I recently launched (7th June, 2016). Launched
without any content (and hence the realisation of this posts
title). I will be ignoring these two [b]logs for the rest of
the post.

That leaves us with 4.

Apart from those two there's a private blog, not nearly as
personal as my llog, yet I have chosen to safely and securely
lock behind a password. I've done this because I'm simply
scared to dump my unadulterated thoughts out in the vast
openness of the internet.

Then there were 3.

- miteshshah.com - My personal blog - This one exists mostly .
for self improvement, and as a place to store memories -     .
computableverse.com - My tech blog - This one exists so that .
I can unburden all the inner geek messages out in the wild   .
for other fellow lifeforms to intercept - anonymous - My     .
anonymous blog - Ah this one has a really special reason.    .
I already have a llog and a personl private blog. So one     .
might ask, what use could be an anonymous blog? Nothing for  .
me really. It's for others. It's for the kind of messages,   .
thoughts, and learning I believe others can absorb value     .
from, but I don't feel comfortable in attaching my identity  .
to them                                                      .

I've launched these 4 blogs at different times since 2015. But
I've only managed to churn out 20 posts in total. That's way
too low, specially because the quality isn't top notch either.

This makes me wonder, have I *failed as a blogger*?

But that inturn makes me wonder, is failing bad? Is it
something to be afraid of? Does it mean the end? **HELL NO!**.

James Dyson, inventor of the cyclonic vaccum
cleaner, eqloquently conveys a message [about
failure](http://www.fastcompany.com/59549/failure-doesnt-suck)
.

> I made 5,127 prototypes of my vacuum before I got it right.
> There were 5,126 failures. But I learned from each one. That's
> how I came up with a solution.

Sure I've made mistakes. I've learnt from them. It doesn't
matter if I've been focusing on the *wrong* things up until
now. Because I've learnt that there are only two things I need
for my next attempt. **Ruthless focus** and a **well defined
dream**.
