---
title: Eliminate your variables
date: 2016-08-29
---

![the sky](/assets/img/the-sky.jpg "the sky")

Every morning, before starting my day, my mind subconsciously
makes a small list of things, or as I like to say it
*variables*. They range from insignificant items like 'what
will I be having in lunch?' to more significant ones like
'write a blog post', or 'go to college'. Either ways, I feel
that this is a direct consequence of the ever busy modern
life.

<!--more-->

I wonder if this is how humans have always been. Did we have
the same kind of worries 2000 years ago? Did our days even
function remotely to how they do now? More research is pending
(added to my infinitely long to-do list), but regardless it
seems rather unnatural to be worrying about so many things
without even trying.

I'd say that it's okay to worry about the greater complexities
in life, that kind of worry is more conscious. You almost
always know that you're worrying about something, be it
passing that exam, getting that job interview, or even
sending that email. But the kind of variables we worry about
*constantly* and *subconsciously* is what actually worries me
(see what I did there? :P).

Can we sought a life in which we can eliminate these
variables? If not, at-least try to reduce them to the bare
minimum? Well, we can try.

Eliminate your backlogs, filter your to-do lists, finish your
pending tasks, and start with a clean fresh slate. Take out a
couple of days to do this. It's not as easy as it appears to
be. There's a lot of taxing material we must offload from our
brains and delegate it elsewhere.

But that is not enough. We need to be ruthless. Ruthless in
our filtering, and ruthless in elimination. Only the besets of
the best tasks should actually be done, everything else must
simply be removed. This kind of mindset is hard to acquire,
and I for one have been trying hard to get better at being
ruthless, for my time is precious and I'd rather have fun
playing video games than doing tasks which are irrelevant in
the grand scheme of things.

![cleaning room](/assets/img/cleaning-room.jpg "cleaning room")

I already started off by cleaning and removing everything
unnecessary from my room. I ruthlessly removed anything I
hadn't used in the past 6 months. There's always that feeling
of *'what if'*, and that is when I ask how expensive that
item is, and how useful it is. I removed all my 5 year old
colouring pencils, because if I truly needed it, it would cost
me almost nothing to get a new pack. If I didn't really need
it, then I could make do with sketch pens instead.

I now plan to do the following:

- Reach 'Inbox Zero' (empty email inbox) - and reply to every 
pending email/message - Read/remove all items from 'Pocket'   
- Categorise all my notes/documents on dropbox and keep -     
Remove all redundant crap from my PC - Backup and deduplicate 
*memories* from all my devices - Filter/check all my chrome   
bookmarks                                                     

This seems like a one day job, but I know that this will take
me well over a couple of weeks to reach a clean slate. And
that is why, I'm not going for the best solution, but rather
for an approximately/sub-optimal solution.

Once I'm done with all of that, I need to make a
workflow/web-app/cli-app/something which helps me maintain
those level of variables, for *variables* are the only thing
you need to control.
