---
title: It's not about the money
date: 2016-10-01
---

I saw the Shawshank redemption yesterday, and I thought a lot
about it. One idea in particular stuck with me. You are your
freedom.

<!--more-->

Let me start with a hypothetical situation. Let's say you lose
all your money tomorrow and are completely broke. Does that
unfortunate incident devoid you of your personality? Does it
snatch away your existence? Do you feel bound and restricted
in the very thoughts that distinguish you from the other 7
billion humans? I guess not. Though something definitely has
changed, since you no longer have money.

Now lets assume, I give you back your money but lock you
inside a cage. How different are things now? Nothing has
changed in the outside world. Nothing changes in the inside
world. The only thing is that the inside (you) can't interact
with the outside (everything else). Complicated to think about
such a situation right?

Let's assume the third case now. What if I don't lock you in
a cage, but rather force you to follow a schedule which I
have devised *for* you. You still interact with everything
you've already been doing since the day you're born; the only
difference is that you interact when I tell you to.

It starts getting tricky now. (Each of the below cases are
isolated on their own, none of them are related to any other
case):

* Everything is exactly the same, except you've lost every   .
* Everything is exactly the same, except single of your      .
* Everything is exactly the same, except friend and family   .
* Everything is exactly the same, except I alter your brain  .
* Everything is exactly the same, except to work at 50% of   .
* Everything is exactly the same, except normal for the rest .
* Everything is exactly the same, except of your life one of .
* Everything is exactly the same, except your leg and one of .
* Everything is exactly the same, except your hands no longer.
* Everything is exactly the same, except function properly   .
* Everything is exactly the same, except you've lost 75% of  .
* Everything is exactly the same, except all your memories   .
* Everything is exactly the same, except you can no longer   .
* Everything is exactly the same, except talk and hear you   .
* Everything is exactly the same, except can no longer see   .

Do you see it? You've already forgotten the case where you've
lost all money. Because it's so irrelevant in the grand scheme
of things which appropriately define YOU. Even though wealth
is the easiest of ways for ***OTHERS*** to distinguish you
from everybody else, it's probably the worst way for ***YOU***
to feel *yourself*.

Think about this. It's powerful. And it changes my life every
single day.
